How many of you?
Come with me!
Don't be surprised by what happened to Xiaofan just now.
Am I also looking out for the overall situation?
They were also shot by the virus
We shouldn't have to decide whether they live or die.
This is the base.
A topographic map of a 1,000-kilometer radius. Wow.
It's 2072
I never thought I'd see another map like this
Fortunately, I have it.
Mutation begins
All communication systems were cut off
The satellite dish was also instantly turned off.
This satellite signal will take 3 years to repair
How do you know he's from the Special Forces?
Of course he knew.
The reason I know
It's because I'm from 8 years later
What do you mean by that?
So eight years later, eight years later, is this crisis over?
The crisis was not resolved
It got worse